MCP Servers updates (#3248)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/ai/mcp/mcp_config.md

In this example, sessions are stored in the `var/cache/<environment>/mcp/sessions/` directory (for example, `var/cache/dev/mcp/session/` for the `dev` environment, and `var/cache/prod/mcp/sessions/` for the `prod` environment):

``` yaml
[[= include_code('code_samples/mcp/mcp.matrix.yaml', 25, 27) =]]
```

### Allowed hosts

This parameter lists the domains, the `Host` headers, accepted by the MCP server.
The port is not part of the matching.

> There is no joker, all cases must be listed.

Author: I should tell more about the item values.
From https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/php-sdk/blob/main/src/Server/Transport/Http/Middleware/DnsRebindingProtectionMiddleware.php#L45-L46

```suggestion
This parameter lists the domains, the `Host` headers, accepted by the MCP server.
The port is not part of the matching.
There is no joker, all cases must be listed.
As item, you can use a hostname, an IP, or an IPv6.
IPv6 addresses must be bracketed, for example `[::1]`. 
```

In this example, sessions are stored in the `var/cache/<environment>/mcp/sessions/` directory (for example, `var/cache/dev/mcp/session/` for the `dev` environment, and `var/cache/prod/mcp/sessions/` for the `prod` environment):

``` yaml
[[= include_code('code_samples/mcp/mcp.matrix.yaml', 25, 27) =]]
```

### Allowed hosts

This parameter lists the domains, the `Host` headers, accepted by the MCP server.
The port is not part of the matching.

> There is no joker, all cases must be listed.

Reviewer: Let's use "wildcard character" - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wildcard_character

Author: ```suggestion
There is no wildcard character, all cases must be listed.
```
